District manager?
You can really joke
I am the model judge, executive Wang Yalei.
The company specially transferred me back
Go to Wuyi Li International
We're all on our own
For example, right?
Yes, you see what's wrong with this.
Excuse me.
Even if you are an example
You are nothing to me
I have to be very respectful to Mr. Ye
What is it?
Dare to yell at me
Ok I see you are a gang
The Resurrection Hotel is rotten to the root
Hotel manager abuse of power
Failed to apply for Mr. Davis
Who is looking for me to punish you?
Hey president
Why are you here?
Are you eating here today too?
I said when I went out today
There's a magpie chirping all the time.
It's such an honor to meet you here.
President, you don't know
Here are some mouse droppings
They borrow more employees from our companies
Pit our company's money
If I hadn't found out sooner
The reputation of our model group has been damaged.
Do you know who this is?
This is the future heir to our model group
Ye Feng, do you know how powerful it is now?
Now it's too late for you to kneel down and kowtow